#summary Installation instructions: Windows / Linux

------------------------------------------------------------------------
=Installation Instructions - Linux=
------------------------------------------------------------------------
==Easy Instructions==
 # Open the linux folder and run the file "SETUP.sh"
 # Type in your password to allow root access
==Easy Instructions (all users)==
 # Open a terminal in the linux folder and run  "sudo SETUP.sh"
==Manual Installation (single user)==
 # Copy "lightning-format" to /usr/bin/
 # Open your home folder and create a directory called  ".lightning-format"
 # Copy "lformat-prefs.txt" to /home/username/.lightning-format/
==Manual Installation (all users)==
 # Copy "lightning-format" to /usr/bin/
 # Make the directory "/etc/lightning-tools/"
 # Copy "lformat-prefs.txt" to /etc/lightning-tools/
 # Navigate to /etc
 # Create file called "lightning-format.conf"
 # Open the file and type the exact path to the prefs file (ie. "/etc/lighting-tools/lformat-prefs.txt")
==Bonus==
 # To add the "Open in Terminal" right click menu entry (not required but extremely usefull!), open a  terminal window and type:  "sudo apt-get install nautilus-open-terminal"
==Tips==
 * lightning-format will always use the prefs file in the current  directory if it exists.
 * You can move the default prefs file to any location. Just edit  the lightning-format.conf file located in "/etc" or  "~/.lightning-format" so that it has the exact path.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
=Installation Instructions - Windows=
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 # Install linux.
 # Follow the linux instructions (above).
==Easy Instructions==
 # Decide that you are too stuborn to upgrade to linux.
 # Open the windows folder and run the either "SETUP_XP.bat" for systems up to windows XP "SETUP_7.bat" for windows vista and above
==Manual Installation==
 # Use easy instructions (above)
==Bonus==
 # To add the ability to open CMD from any menu  (not required but extremely usefull!), open the file "OpenCommandPrompt.reg" and select yes.



