#summary ReadMe information

----
=General Information=
----
lightning-format is a tool for formatting text file source code.
It supports languages such as C, C++, C#, and Java.
Other Languages with similar formats can also be formatted.
More info at <http://code.google.com/p/lightning-tools>

Usage:
	`lformat [source]`
		-formats and overwrites source file leaving a backup file
	`lformat [source] [dest]`
		-formats source file and saves in dest

	`--copying` 	-Displays copyright information
	`--display` 		-Displays current options
	`--edit` 		-Edit the options file
	`--help` 		-Displays this help content
	
	Please give credit where credit is due, and not remove the signature 
	line from your source code. It looks like: 
	/*This code was formatted using lightning-format V2.0*/


----
=COPYRIGHT INFORMATION=
----
	COPYRIGHT 2010, 2011 TROY MASS

	lightning-format is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	lightning-format is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with lightning-format. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
	
	Please give credit where credit is due, and not remove the signature 
	line from your source code. It looks like: 
	/*This code was formatted using lightning-format V2.0*/

		lightning-format version: 2.0
		COPYRIGHT (C) 2010, 2011 Troy Mass
		License GPLv3+: <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>